[Music]
[Applause]
that's a good day
[Music]
hi everyone and welcome to strictly
rocked up
i am blue hydrangea and welcome to my
gorgeous blue dwarf
[Music]
ah pause for lighting today i have a
very
special guest from the west and the
hodgepodge queen herself
it is the one the only this vinegar
straw hello
my love hello everyone at home hello
hello hello hi finally
hi are you today do you know what i'm
feeling very camp
i can't get over this room it's like
it's like a unicorn just threw up here
do you like my glitter balls i love your
balls blue i love
i love your blue balls and
vinegar tell me do you love a bit of
strictly do you know what i love a bit
of strictly
i don't watch it as hardcore as maybe a
lot of the fans do
but when i catch it i'm really into it
and my favorite person in the world is
claudia winkelmann
that fringe come on why would a fringe
like that
it's a fringe full of secrets isn't it
i've got all the parts so i'm going to
press my little button
and let's get into it i'm excited this
is strictly come dancing
please welcome your host oh
okay you can be test daily i'll be
claudio
yeah you need as much of that fierce
comfort as possible
by the end of this okay max george
and diane
oh bit of shrek oh yes
those trousers are leaving nothing to
the imagination i'm okay with that
back and forth look at her their
legs are moving so fast she's gorgeous
mine moved that far
oh my god this is great has given me
blue steel he's very like
that was great i really enjoyed that
dancing the viennese once
clara amfo
oh but look at that bit of fabric
oh now you know for a fact
but if that's caught under her heel yeah
she's done
she'd be on her hoop oh my god
oh no she doesn't have to deal with this
on the radio
oh do you know what well done love
yeah good job oh yeah
he was great last week i caught him last
week amazing he played the
bongos oh
look at this what where's this animation
from
that's very good how technical that
i is he dances with his wife like this
one
i'll be his wife somewhere imagine
oh my gosh the quick step
there's a massive elephant oh my vinegar
has just appeared left
i always get on tv somehow this is that
was amazing
props to you bill filter wins
oh look it's jimmy and karen who've
shared the same bottle of bleach
on their hair who's jamie why is he
famous
he was on the only way no chelsea
it's one of those shows you know oh no
he's passionate it's got me the chelsea
one
his dad owns mcfitties no love
yeah i think fact check that as well
dancing the american smile oh she's
she's she's peeping tom today
very gatsby very very gatsby
[Music]
oh she looks gorgeous she looks insane
oh
oh very smooth and what dance is this
the waltz maybe the waltz vietnamese
walls
the american smooth that's exactly
american smooth oh
is she bianca's daughter isn't she yeah
we need to do focus on week 2
which is oh this i love
the accent
oh is she guys there's smoke on the
floor today she's going to be dramatic
oh i love this miley cyrus song too
oh it's so dramatic oh i wanna do this
dance oh wow
us lazy
it's amazing
it's this kind of stuff that you watch
and you're like i wish i was a part of
this like
it's just so phenomenal absolutely
and that's black lip oh come on maisie
we're amazing to win sorry bill
craig revel hallway eight yes get on
come on show you give her a nine come on
darling
[Applause]
[Music]
dancing look at this this vegas is that
and that's all that's not real yeah oh
oh i love these feathers
she's giving me chanel the parrot
[Applause]
oh my god so this is jackie yes go on
chad
jacks she's got her legs out for the
girls and the boys
oh darling is that oh i can't watch
what is going on
[Music]
oh she's lip-syncing oh look the time
has come
oh she's gorgeous you were limping about
lost at a party somewhere drunk
um oh come off there
i agree i've definitely looked like that
at parties
but now on the dance floor nicola adams
and her partner katya so is this the
is this the second or first
first ever thing strictly okay so much
because this visibility is so important
for our community
like a hundred percent people being able
to see
a same-sex couple dancing on the show
will show that it's not scary
it's nothing to be threatened by they're
having fun they're beautiful whilst
doing it it
makes no difference to the show yeah and
for me i think actually creatively
it you can actually take a lot more out
there because it's not just about you
know
a man or woman in love it can be about a
woman a woman in love it could be
two two girlfriends two mates you know a
mother and a daughter it just shows
different relationships i think we need
to show more relationships
um between people in general who cares
what's between their legs
i mean now if they can't dance then i've
got a problem
[Music]
oh look they're carrying around one of
your dresses
this is the one you mentioned like like
i say my nanny's watching this yeah
oh it's gonna make me emotional this is
great
yeah yay tuna for the game no this is
brilliant
nicola you're doing this so that i can
be on strictly next year
and i will be her partner that would be
great
you can do the lift i love dancing
i've heard there's a big star on this
episode tonight oh really
metal street instagram you'll just have
to watch and find out
and jamie from next week bbc3 are in on
the action it's blue hydrangea join me
this is my moment oh my god that was
from my kitchen
you're gorgeous thank you you look cgi
i am they rendered me on the elephant at
the same time
well vinegar this is the part of the
show where we get to react some fabulous
goths and tweets and some bits and bobs
from the super fans
amazing yeah okay so it's time to open
your sparkly ipad
there are about three good things in
2020 and watching bill bailey dance is
one of them
got to agree i agree but bill bailey is
is amazing he's can't be one of the best
things that's been on my tv in a while i
hope he gets
he stays in the competition long enough
to do like a santa claus number no
if you're watching bill hi come play our
instruments
um yeah here's another one people
talking about bill and that elephant
yep we i mean when we thought we were
gagged
i felt like i was watching jumanji again
jumanji
david attenborough could do a
documentary about that number alone oh
my god
okay but how did it start though here we
see a wild bill bailey
doing the foxtrot and as he
maneuvers himself over to ot
[Laughter]
i love it oh there's some craig revel
horowitz giving us some nostril
i know this is from last year's show he
he performed in the finale
as in drag oh fabulous
[Music]
um i think he's a fabulous drag queen
maybe we'll see him on drag race
do you think he would go very far in
drag race
i think he'd go further than you hmm i
mean
personally for me blue i would give
craig's nostrils
a three
[Laughter]
vinegar it's time for me to invite you
to have a look at my crystal ball
oh i can smell your crystal balls geez
louise
again we just saw jackie has gone i
know bye now bye jackie
bye jackie my love bye but anyway
i got some insider tea do you want to
hear tell me i'm excited
so this week on this show we have some
more fabulous bill bailey moments
he's going to be doing some western for
his movie week
movie week yeah this is exciting okay
i'm enjoying that oh yeah yeah
we also have clara who's doing a
fabulous dance to
moulin rouge oh articulated
and lastly for my insider gossip we have
max george as homer simpson doing the
simpsons
what are you joking i know and do you
reckon i'll be painted yellow
oh i hope he is painting together and i
hope there's there's a vacancy for me to
help
paint him yellow i think i do orange
nipples though just to
kind of make them pop i don't know where
to go from here
to the to the clinic yeah pretty much
yeah that's where we'll go
and vinegar if you if you were have to
do a dance based on a movie what movie
would it be
oh my god i'd probably do an avengers
type one and i would play all the
characters and i'd finish up
um as the hulk
uh we've seen you lip sync you've seen
these lovely contestants dance
what do you think about giving us a
little dance yourself well
i think i can show you a few moves here
and there well lady it's
time for you to take the stage oh god in
a little segment we like to call
dancing queens yes
[Music]
so vinegar are you excited to see what
iconic strictly moment i've picked out
for you
thank you so much dancing the samba
to magalina by odie magusta and danny
mack
it is miss vinegar straw
[Music]
[Applause]
[Laughter]
it was like being in some terrible disco
in soho
[Music]
uh
wow and the crowd goes wild
where's my that's my cardio for this
year
vinegar that was amazing i saw the
glimmers of odiema busey in there
thank you um i also saw glimmers of fred
flint's son
vinegar i give you a score of seven
thank you oh it says four but it says
seven
on the other side
[Music]
the dear have you got your breath
back after your lovely dance
just about you know the sweat has
stopped ah
i'm back well thank you so much for
being here you've been amazing thank you
my lord i love you so much i love you
i'm off to go catch jackie in case she
falls from that swing
i'll see you next week lots of love bye
bye
next time i'll be joined by my sister
crystal
where we'll be watching the drama and
conflama of movie week
and if you're a latecomer just click on
the link right here
[Music]
now